border.width: 4
padding.width: 0
window.handle.width: 0
window.client.padding.width: 0
window.client.padding.height: 0

osd.bg: flat solid
osd.bg.color: #95959d
osd.border.width: 2
osd.border.color: #4051b0
osd.hilight.bg.color: #3a393f
osd.unhilight.bg: flat border
osd.unhilight.bg.color: #d0d0d8

window.active.border.color: #3a393f
window.active.client.color: #3a393f
window.active.grip.bg: parentrelative
window.active.handle.bg: flat solid
window.active.handle.bg.color: #3a393f
window.active.label.bg: parentrelative
window.active.title.bg: flat border
window.active.title.bg.color: #3a393f
window.active.title.bg.border.color: #3a393f

window.inactive.border.color: #a3a3a9
window.inactive.client.color: #a3a3a9
window.inactive.grip.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.handle.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.handle.bg.color: #a3a3a9
window.inactive.label.bg: parentrelative
window.inactive.title.bg: flat solid
window.inactive.title.bg.color: #a3a3a9
window.inactive.title.bg.border.color: #a3a3a9

